SNOW-667837 Add release note for 0.11.0 (#531)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

# Release History
## 0.11.0 (2022-09-28)

### Behavior Changes
- When adding a package using `session.add_packages()` with a specific version to UDFs or stored procedures, if the version is not supported by Snowflake, an exception will be raised immediately instead of when registering the UDF or stored procedure.

### New Features:

> - Added method FileOperation.get_stream() to support downloading stage files as stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added method `FileOperation.get_stream()` to support downloading stage files as stream.
```

### Improvements

> - Improved nested query generation by flattening queries when applicable.

Author: Added some sub-bullet point under this :)

- Improved type annotations for async job APIs.
- Improved `functions.ntiles()` to accept int argument.
- Added `call_function()` and `function()` as aliases for `call_builtin()` and `builtin()`.
- Improved `DataFrame.cache_result()` to return a more accurate `Table` class instead of a `DataFrame` class.

> - Improved stored procedure calling by allowing `session` as the first argument.

Reviewer 2: These are new features even though they're small.

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed a bug in which `table.merge()` tries to reference a temp table that does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in which `Table.update()`, `Table.delete()`, `Table.merge()` try to reference a temp table that does not exist.
```

# Release History
## 0.11.0 (2022-09-28)

### Behavior Changes

> - When adding a package using `session.add_packages()` with a specific version to UDFs or stored procedures, if the version is not supported by Snowflake, an exception will be raised immediately instead of when registering the UDF or stored procedure.

Reviewer 2: I feel this can be more specific with something like below. The break change is on this API, not on registering a UDF/SP.
`Session.add_packages()` now raises `<the error class>` when the version of a package can't be found in Snowflake Anaconda channel.
What do you think @sfc-gh-mabrennan ?

Author: I also want to add the previous behavior as well. How about:

```
- `Session.add_packages()` now raises `ValueError` instead of `SnowparkSQLException` when the version of a package cannot be found in Snowflake Anaconda channel. 
```

Reviewer: `Session.add_packages()` didn't raise SnowparkSQLException before. Only when you create a udf/sproc, then SnowparkSQLException will be raised

Reviewer 3: I think what you have written is correct. To be clear, you can re-word the second line as "Previously, error was raised later in the udf/sp registration step instead of `add_packages` step."

Author: @sfc-gh-jdu sorry I edited it as I also realized what I previously wrote was wrong...This is the current version:

```
- `Session.add_packages()` now raises `ValueError` when the version of a package cannot be found in Snowflake Anaconda channel. Previously, `Session.add_packages()` succeeded, and a `SnowparkSQLException` exception was raised later in the UDF/SP registration step.
```

Reviewer: perfect, thanks!
